No cross, no crown. 不經歷風雨，怎麼遇見彩虹。

Sometime ever, sometime never. 相聚有時，後會無期。

In the dull and boring world, there is also occasional luck. 枯燥無味的世界，總會有小確幸。

Treat yourself well. 善待你自己。

No fear of words, no fear of years. 不懼人言，不畏歲月。

Don’t let the past steal your present. 只要開始，雖晚不遲。

Better late than never. 別讓過去悄悄偷走了你的當下。

Stars can’t shine without darkness. 如果沒有黑暗，星星如何閃耀。

Be cheerful and hopeful. 樂觀向上，充滿希望。

Have the ability to love oneself, have the strength to love others. 有能力愛自己，有餘力愛別人

Spend your life in your own way. 用自己喜歡的方式過一生。

Life is short and you deserve to be happy. 生命苦短，你應該過的開心點。

Time is that we do not come loose. 時光不老，我們不散。

You cannot be perfect but you can be unique. 你不能十全十美，但你能獨一無二。

You don’t have time to be timid. 人生沒有時間膽怯。

It’s up to you how far you’ll go. 能走多遠取決於你自己。

To laugh at yourself is to love yourself. 學會自嘲也是愛自己的一種表現。

Make each day your masterpiece. 讓每一天成為你的傑作。

Travel far enough you meet yourself. 走得足夠遠，你就會遇上自己。

Above all, don’t lie to yourself. 最重要的是不要欺騙自己。

Light tomorrow with today. 用現在點亮未來。

Don’t compare your life with others. There’s no comparison between the sun and the moon. They shine when it’s their time. 別拿你的人生和別人的比較。太陽和月亮沒有可比性。它們都在屬於自己的時刻發光。

I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday and love today. 我不害怕明天，因為我經歷過昨天，也熱愛今天。

Give free to him when you fall in love and give free to love when you don’t love. 愛的時候，讓他自由；不愛的時候，讓愛自由。

The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart. 世界上對勇氣的最大考驗是忍受失敗而不喪失信心。

A man’s best friends are his ten fingers. 人最好的朋友是自己的十個手指。(靠自己最實在)

Only they who fulfill their duties in everyday matters will fulfill them on great occasions. 只有在日常生活中盡責的人才會在重大時刻盡責。

The shortest way to do many things is to only one thing at a time. 做許多事情的捷徑就是一次只做一件事。

All things in their being are good for something. 天生我才必有用。

There is only one corner of the universe you can be sure of improving, and that’s your own self. 這個宇宙中只有一個角落你肯定可以改進，那就是你自己。

Difficult circumstances serve as a textbook of life for people. 困難坎坷是人們的生活教科書。

The world is like a mirror: Frown at it and it frowns at you; smile, and it smiles too. 世界猶如一面鏡子：朝它皺眉它就朝你皺眉，朝它微笑它也朝你微笑。

Failure is the mother of success. 失敗乃成功之母。

The reason why a great man is great is that he resolves to be a great man. 偉人之所以偉大，是因為他立志要成為偉大的人。

Journey of a thousand miles begins with single step. 千里之行，始於足下。

The first step is as good as half over. 第一步是最關鍵的一步。

Genius is an infinite capacity for taking pains. 所謂的天才是不斷地承受痛楚。

Difficult circumstances serve as a textbook of life for people. 困難坎坷是人們的生活教科書。

A man is only as good as what he loves. 一個人要用他所愛的東西有多好來衡量。

I know that my future is not just a dream. 我知道我的未來不是夢。

Energy and persistent conquer all things. 能量和堅持可以克服一切。

I will greet this day with love in my heart. 我要用全心的愛來迎接今天。

The good seaman is known in bad weather. 驚濤駭浪，方顯英雄本色。

Quitters never win and winners never quit. 退縮者永無勝利，勝利者永不退縮

You are unique, nothing can replace you. 你舉世無雙，無人可以替代。

Understand yourself in order to better understanding others. 知己方能解人。

Better to light one candle than to curse the darkness. 與其詛咒黑暗，不如燃起蠟燭。

Victory won’t come to me unless I go to it. 勝利是不會向我們走來的，我必須自己走向勝利。

The reason why a great man is great is that he resolves himself to be a great man. 偉人之所以偉大，是因為他立志要成為偉大的人。

Don’t worry about the vague future, just strive for the clear present. 不為模糊不清的未來擔憂，只為清清楚楚的現在努力。

The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. 對明天做好的準備就是今天做到最好！

Knowledge can change your fate and English can accomplish your future. 知識改變命運，英文成就未來。

A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams. 當後悔取代了夢想，一個人才算老了。

Don’t let a little dispute break up a great friendship. 不要讓小小的爭端損毀了一場偉大的友誼。

Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing flawlessly. 寧願做事不完美，總比完美地不做事要好。

Actually it is just in an idea when feel oneself can achieve and cannot achieve. 覺得自己做得到和做不到，往往只在一念之間。

While there is life there is hope. 一息若存，希望不滅。

Being yourself is an honor, because nobody else can be you. 做自己是一種榮耀，因為沒有任何人能成為你。

I can make it through the rain. I can stand up once again on my own. 我可以穿越雲雨，也可以東山再起。

There are so many beautiful reasons to be happy. 有太多太多美好的理由讓你笑對生活。

Whether you fail or fly, at least you tried. 不管是一飛沖天還是跌入穀底，至少，你嘗試過。

Time waits for no one. Treasure every moment you have. 時間不等人，珍惜你所擁有的每分每秒吧

Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.對自己完全誠實是很好的練習。

Pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power.悲觀導致軟弱，樂觀導致力量。

You make a life out of what you have, not what you’re missing. 靠自己所擁有的，而不是所缺少的，來過你的人生。

People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges.人類會寂寞是因為他們建了牆壁而不是橋樑。

Clear thinking requires courage rather than intelligence.思路清楚需要的是勇氣而不是智力。

Inside of every problem lies an opportunity.每個問題裡都藏著一個機會。

If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time.如果你仔細觀察，大部分的一夕成功都花很長一段時間。

You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.你必須先見到很棒的自己，才能做出很棒的事。